                                 TECHNEST BACKEND LICENSE
Version 1.0

1. Grant of License

Subject to the terms and conditions of this license, TechNest  hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide license to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sublicense the source code of the TechNest Backend (the "Software") for any purpose.

2. Source Code and Modifications

You are permitted to modify the source code of the Software, create derivative works, and distribute those modifications or derivative works under the terms of this license. If you distribute the Software or any modifications, you must include a copy of this license with it.

3. Attribution

You must include appropriate attribution in any distribution of the Software or modifications, including a notice that the Software has been modified,give meaning full commit when modifying this software and retain any copyright and license notices from the original source code.

4. Intellectual Property Rights

All intellectual property rights, title, and interest in the Software and any modifications are and shall remain the exclusive property of TechNest. This license does not grant you any rights to use any trademarks, service marks, or other intellectual property of TechNest except as necessary to comply with the terms of this license.

5. No Warranty

The Software is provided "as-is" without any warranty of any kind. SimpSoft makes no representations or warranties regarding the Software, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. You assume all risks associated with the use of the Software.

6. Limitation of Liability

In no event shall TechNest be liable for any damages arising out of the use of the Software, including but not limited to any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages.

7. Termination

This license is effective until terminated. You may terminate this license at any time by ceasing all use of the Software and destroying all copies in your possession. TechNest may terminate this license if you fail to comply with any of its terms. Upon termination, you must cease all use of the Software and destroy all copies in your possession.